The End
Everyone, it was really fun tonight.
Yes, I wish Kan'ichi-chan had come earlier.
It was really fun.
That guy named Tomiyama, he was so nice to everyone.
But I was a little disappointed.
Why? Do you feel sorry for him?
No, but I felt a little sorry for him.
I think he should be beaten up.
He's so arrogant that he put a diamond ring on your finger.
You don't want that, do you?
I'm a woman, so I want it.
You want it? Really?
Yes, I want money.
I don't want to be poor.
But I think that's a problem.
I don't think I can get real happiness with money.
For example, if I were me, I would graduate from school soon.
You're here, so I don't want any more happiness.
What about you, Mia?
I'm the same.
Then I'll go.
Who says you can't go?
You said it.
I didn't say it.
It's cold.
Mia, are you cold?
Yes, I'm very cold.
You're cold, aren't you?
You shouldn't be cold.
Come into my coat.
It's strange.
Isn't it strange?
It's not strange.
Which one do you like?
Mia, you're my wife, aren't you?
Yes, if you take it.
Don't be silly.
It's warm.
Wait, Kain.
Walk slowly.
I can't walk so fast.
I can't fall.
Hey, pull my hand.
Okay, that's good.